Road to arm (#290)
stackabletech/documentation: modules/concepts/pages/road-to-multiarch.adoc

For operators, we've done a proof of concept which can be found in the link:https://github.com/stackabletech/docker-images/blob/ubi8-rust-builder-multi-arch/ubi8-rust-builder/Dockerfile[experimental ubi8-rust-builder]. We are now working on having custom images roled out by operators, since the corresponding product image is currently hard-coded in an operator. We call this ticket link:https://github.com/stackabletech/operator-rs/issues/470[Product image selection] and was proposed and accepted in link:https://github.com/stackabletech/documentation/blob/main/modules/contributor/pages/adr/ADR023-product-image-selection.adoc[ADR023]. 

However, we already tested those changes within the link:https://github.com/stackabletech/kafka-operator/compare/main...stackable-experimental[Kafka Operator]. We plan to have more branches called *stackable-experimental*. 

=== Target State

As a wishful state in general, we would like to merge the stackable-experimental repository with the stackable repository. From there it should be a standard to provide multi-arch images to all products and operators. This means, all merged PR's are available to (currently) both platforms. 

==== Products

> Our products have as shown above an overall desireable state. Only thing left to do is to test it in a broughter fashion and merge things into the stackable repository. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown above, our products have an overall desirable state. The only thing left is test it in a broader fashion and merge things into the stable stackable repository to be accessible for everyone. 
```

==== Operators

> Operators should have a flexible way of setting the repositroy of a product image. Additionally, we would like to have the mulit-arch images for operators build automatically via our CI-pipeline. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operators should have a flexible way of setting the repository of a product image. Additionally, we would like to have the multi-arch images for operators build automatically via our CI-pipeline. 
```

==== Test Infrastructure

> We want to set up a test infrastructure with native ARM-nodes and test both sides of the product and operator images. We doubt currently that it is save to assume that if one side of things is working, the other one is fine too. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to set up a test infrastructure with native ARM-nodes and test both sides of the product and operator images. We currently doubt that it is save to assume that if one side of things is working, the other one is fine too. 
```
